# How to get OpenY version and environment configuration

See video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01y617maeBE


# How to work with builds?

To get fully working Open Y site for the code change you are about to push for review - there is a build generating system installed for Open Y GitHub repository that automatically generates dedicated temporary website with your changes applied.

# Why some builds are created automatically and some not? 

By default - builds are configured for trusted users, so if you getting message from the bot like "Can one of the admins verify this patch? Use "o+k to test" or ''t+est this please" for manual build execution." - your username is not in whitelist and somebody from Open Y core team should dive in and run build for you. Contact @podarok to get your build generated or added your to whitelist.

# How to create a build for my PR? 

If you are whitelisted - create Pull Request from your fork to Open Y repository and after up to 30 minutes you'll receive comments with links to generated site builds.

# When builds are deleted from the server?

Usually you have a day for the build to be wiped out from the server. If there is an active development - lifetime could be significantly shorter, up to couple hours.

# Who should I contact in order to get logs from the server? 

Andrii Podanenko @podarok or Dima Danylevskyi @danylevskyi

# Who should I specify for review? 

We have a best practice to get at least 2 independent reviews before merging the code. So add Andrii Podanenko @podarok and somebody else ( from your team or other team within OpenY )

# Who is responsible for merging? 

For merging into Open Y main GitHub repository - please contact Andrii Podanenko
If you are working with future branch in main repository or dedicated fork - it's up to you or your team who will be merging. Ping Andrii Podanenko for review anyway. Could be done after merge, though.

# What labels in PRs should I use? 
# What milestone should I specify? 
# Why I can't add labels or specify milestone?

You should be added to Collaborators of Open Y GitHub repository. Contact Andrii Podanenko to get access. Labels usually set by Open Y core team. If you are aware of the context and impact/demand - feel free to chose whatever labels makes sense for you.

# Why Steps for review in Pull Requests are so important? 

When you send your code for review it is important not only reviewing the code but functionally test how it works on build site. You are the only source of truth for how to check functionality. Adding steps for review will help reviewer or Qa to check functionality. 

# Why should I add a reference to the GitHub issue in my PR description? 

From the moment of creating some issue to the resolution in Pull Request could be long travel. Reviewer should be able to understand context and possible discussion around issue you are going to fix with PR. That's why it is so important to have a reference.

# In what format should I add commits, should I add internal Jira task ID or GitHub issue?

It is important to make commit messages with some sort of sense for the human to read them when digging back in history. Adding any task identifications from the project management system is allowed.

# What is deepcode bot? 

DeepCode bot is the automated, machine learning code review system, that analyses huge amount of GItHub repositories and sometimes useful to find common issues before humans will do reviews. It is important, but not always necessary fix issues, found by DeepCode bot, because sometimes it fails. If you see the comment - ensure to read report. If you see sense in report - fix the issue, suggested by the bot.

# What should I do if `CIBox tests`/`Accessibility tests`/`ci/circleci` are failed?

If you have any concerns with reports, generated by all code checkers that used in Open Y - ask Andrii Podanenko to get them resolved. Majority of these systems are work in progress and helpful for review and make code better but not hard rules to rely on.

# How to install Open Y on Pantheon hosting

See [request from a community](https://github.com/ymcatwincities/openy/issues/2004). The solution is described in Pantheon documentation https://pantheon.io/docs/nested-docroot . We suggest to maintain your own composer.json with specified web-root directory, as described in Pantheon examples https://github.com/pantheon-systems/example-drops-8-composer/blob/master/composer.json#L94